[12.0] add base_repair (#594)
OCA/manufacture: base_repair/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

This module extends the functionality of Odoo Repair module to add some basic features that are standard in other Odoo apps:

> * Includes Repair Date field and add to the form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Includes Repair Date field and adds it to the form
```

> * Includes Repato Duration field and adds to the form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Includes Repair Duration field and adds it to the form
```

> * Includes Responsible User field and add to the form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Includes Responsible User field and adds it to the form
```
